Add documentation for the `discovery.type` setting (#9685)
crate/crate: docs/config/cluster.rst

   explicitly list the names or IP addresses of the master-eligible nodes whose
   votes should be counted in the very first election.

.. _conf_discovery_type:

**discovery.type**
  | *Default:* ``zen``
  | *Runtime:* ``no``

>   | *Allowed Values:*   ``zen | single-node``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  | *Allowed Values:*  ``zen | single-node``
```

  Specifies whether CrateDB should form a multiple-node cluster. By default,
  CrateDB discovers other nodes when forming a cluster and allows other nodes to
  join the cluster later. If ``discovery.type`` is set to ``single-node``,
  CrateDB forms a single-node cluster and the node won't join any other

>   cluster. This may be usefull mainly for testing purposes which requires the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  cluster. This can be useful for testing. It is not recommend to use this for production setups. The ``single-node`` mode also skips bootstrap checks.
```

Maybe with cross-reference to the bootstrap checks docs

>   cluster. This may be usefull mainly for testing purposes which requires the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  clusters. This may be usefull mainly for testing purposes which requires the
```

Reviewer: probably need to re-wrap after applying this

  node to be bound on external interfaces.

> .. note::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. NOTE::
```

>    If a node was started once using ``single-node`` it will never join any

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   If a node was started once using ``single-node``, it will never join any
```

   cluster even if the configuration is changed. It is possible to force the
   node to forget its current cluster state by using the :ref:`cli-crate-node`

>    CLI tool, but be aware that this may result in data loss.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   CLI tool. However, be aware this may result in data loss.
```

  because you only want the cluster state to be recovered once all nodes are
  started. However, the value must be bigger than the half of the expected
  number of nodes in the cluster.

> 

Reviewer: minor: delete this line

the standard way to separate the links is with two empty lines
